Update documentation for installing `hub` (#11744)
gardener/gardener: docs/development/process.md

- Have the `gardener/gardener` repository cloned as follows:
  - the `origin` remote should point to your fork (alternatively this can be overwritten by passing `FORK_REMOTE=<fork-remote>`).
  - the `upstream` remote should point to the Gardener GitHub org (alternatively this can be overwritten by passing `UPSTREAM_REMOTE=<upstream-remote>`).

> - Have `hub` installed, which is most easily installed via `brew install hub` for MacOS. For other OS follow https://github.com/mislav/hub?tab=readme-ov-file#installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have `hub` installed. On macOS, `hub` can be installed via homebrew using the [hub formula](https://formulae.brew.sh/formula/hub). For other OS, follow the [`hub` installation instructions](https://github.com/mislav/hub?tab=readme-ov-file#installation).
```
